Add initial version of C++ documentation (#27)
eclipse-velocitas/velocitas-docs: content/en/docs/tutorials/tutorial_how_to_create_a_vehicle_model/distribution_python.md

---
title: "Python Vehicle Model Distribution"
date: 2022-05-09T13:43:25+05:30
weight: 1
description: >
  Learn how to distribute a Vehicle Model written in Python.
aliases:
  - /docs/tutorials/how_to_create_a_vehicle_model/distribution_python.md
---

Now you a have a Python package containing your first Python _Vehicle Model_ and it is time to distribute it. There is nothing special about the distribution of this package, since it is just an ordinary Python package. Check out the [Python Packaging User Guide](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/) to learn more about packaging and package distribution in Python.

## Distribute to single Vehicle App

> If you want to distribute your Python _Vehicle Model_ to a single _Vehicle App_, you can do so by copying the entire folder `my_vehicle_model` under the `src` folder of your _Vehicle App_ repository and treat is a sub-package of the _Vehicle App_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to distribute your Python _Vehicle Model_ to a single _Vehicle App_, you can do so by copying the entire folder `my_vehicle_model` under the `src` folder of your _Vehicle App_ repository and treat it as a sub-package of the _Vehicle App_.
```
